Some suggestions for modifications and comments to the first three chapter (#1)
Andros-Spica/rub-archwiss_040468-data-management: session-r-introduction.qmd

2. When it opens, you should see an interface with multiple panels, including the Console in the left or bottom left panel.    

> 3. In the RStudio Console, type version and press Enter. You should see details about the R version currently running, which confirms that both R and RStudio are correctly installed and linked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the RStudio Console, you should see details about the R version currently running, which confirms that both R and RStudio are correctly installed and linked. You can always re-print this information by typing the command `version`.
```

> <!-- COMMENT

Reviewer: addressed by changes above, COMMENT to be erased

#### Notebooks/Rendered notebooks (.Rmd/.qmd files) {.unnumbered}
* Rich Content: Notebooks allow you to combine code with Markdown for text, making it easy to include formatted text, headings, images, and links alongside your code.  

> * Interactive Execution: Notebooks support interactive, cell-based execution, similar to [Jupyter notebooks](https://jupyter.org/). Each code cell outputs results directly below it by default, which is useful for exploratory data analysis and iterative workflows. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Interactive Execution: Notebooks support interactive, cell-based execution. Each code cell outputs results directly below it by default and any object created is stored in a local environemnt ("R session"), which is useful for exploratory data analysis and iterative workflows. Code is run only by user request inside RStudio and when the entire document is rendered (see bellow).  
```

> <!-- COMMENT

Reviewer: addressed by changes above/below, COMMENT to be erased

In contrast to Jupyter Notebooks, The code is only run when the document is rendered and the document will be static (with exception of purposefully created interactive elements such as plots or maps). This is a huge difference and the paragraph should be rephrased accordingly.
-->

> * Output Options: Notebooks can be rendered into various formats, such as HTML, PDF, or Word, allowing you to create polished, shareable reports directly from your analysis.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Output Options: Notebooks can be rendered into various formats, such as HTML, PDF, or Word, allowing you to create polished, shareable reports directly from your analysis.  It is possible to have code being run and rendered with output directly into a HTML file by choosing `html_notebook`, a type of output that approaches the one of [Jupyter notebooks](https://jupyter.org/).
```
